Many people believe that it doesn't matter which religion you choose,
but religions are like different roads that lead to the same destination,
lasting blessings from God.
But can that be true?
Does God accept all forms of worship?
The Bible itself describes worship as two roads.
One is spacious with many people on it.
The others cramped with only a few finding it.
Only the cramped road represents acceptable worship,
leading to life and blessings from God.
How can we tell if we are on the correct path?
Imagine that you're lost.
You stop someone to ask for directions.
One person says to an east.
Another says to go west.
Finally, someone with a map shows you that the destination is actually north.
Which one would you believe?
The Bible is like that map leading us to blessings from God.
So why are there so many conflicting beliefs?
For example, many religions teach that the human soul lives eternally in a spiritual realm,
while others believe that they are reborn in another body or form.
This is just one example of the many religious beliefs and conflict with one another.
Could all religions really be teaching the truth?
According to the map, the dead know nothing at all.
Due time, God will restore them to life
and righteous ones will live forever on earth.
If the Bible is clear on this teaching,
what about other matters such as our personal conduct?
We may belong to a religion,
but if our conduct offends God, our worship may be futile.
The Bible teaches that many people today would be without self-controlled.
Fears without love of goodness.
However, it also says that true worshipers of God would be peaceable,
controlling their speech and actions.
Rather than saying there are many religions that please God,
the Bible says there is only one faith.
True worship leads a person to a good relationship with God and everlasting life.